so it's dirty queen's necklace
it's auctioning next week
seems it's going to exceed 20
million i can see where we are
less of course you may have to shrug
weekend i will change
with a little bit of  delay the
alimony and where my money I do not have
these will pass the [ __ ] you suggest I
explain to you how to raise a lot
becomes cochin a foundation which will
put up for auction with necklace a parcel
which belonged to marie antoinette and we
go to the shutter  you enter in addition
we leave you led while
nourish our skin you you do what
me
me I did know it is here that
you work
sai baba because new drivers of
your husband
we are not going and you you come from  where from
Senegal Madame not very far from Thiès and
then it is acquired by the
Pellegrini family which is stolen
25 years ago I ask you
to welcome the daughter of its
owner the delicious juliette
pellegrini
on thank you every year  ée
with for the queen's necklace
has a price of 17 minutes called an
auction at 33 million euros on the
beard to be impregnable you have to be a
son yes you chose arsène lupine the
kalman jeans burglary
very good choice winner of the  time I
am at 60 million euros
60 I sold 60 million euros
well that's what I have the
time of course that your transfer on
the idea obviously me whose
the necklace systematically  in the safe
do you have access to wi the truth
inspectors of the world know that mister
diop is in a
precarious situation which she sees as an
injustice to take revenge he stole
the necklace from me
[Music]
andyou
[Applause
] usually
[Music]
I have years as you joke
mister sardine is a victim you
do not realize to start again if
you have roughed it up to us
martine pin gentleman burglar
[Music]
here is the copy
you enter sweeper
and you leave  millionaire  e
[Music]
that's not class I said everything
what a gift you
want
original clasp original setting there is
no mark on the stones I
guarantee you that this necklace has never been
dismantled g after for the
tombeur's necklace a copy  that I found
I want answers
I do not see that mouth why I
do not hear anything there it is you who
wanted package it is me who asks
questions okay damn they
know each other look at me that this it is
old [ __ ] and I'm pulling money
that I didn't know you you teach me
arrested are he was guilty
he signed a confession account and this
guilty of what I'm accused I
wanted to offer a better life
I failed
[Music]
the time with my father in prison he
even detained who was called etienne like
and you go out and I give you back you have your
place I know at first
it's difficult here but I'm sure
you have  killed my father was called babacar
diop
you were in jail together i  They
were only signed in June but a
book like I have better
colleges prices in France
someone apparently wants you to
go next year
[Music]
I took the water without kevin kelly
vanished 25 years old is ej  my father I know
m guilty and free who we are
now sign them think of your son
after the death of your father I was and d
assab throw and symbols is it who
swore to me that he was going to help him here
that's all that's it the story
thual public lied about the world
respectively worried not that's
exactly what is planned it's a
scorer who are those of men but
why I ask to be focused on the
partnership
mister diop continues  denied the facts no
wonder he is as smart as a monkey
you had
the collar insurance policy reassessed upwards a
few days before the flight the hurricane at
all if i
your name is everywhere what does a
commissioner do if 7000 euros per  month end
of career even with a lot of
overtime contain per year in the bumps
heard seeing I had to dig a little bit
that's more what it was
banking secrecy someone put pressure on you
to trap his hassan webs yeah my
name is claire sang  clear just
the truth
I have already told the truth walk witness
why hide my father from you
[Music]
the commissioner I am well with you
not hurting not
at 25 he is the commissioner of the world
that changes and 24 of the first flight  of the
collar
[Music]
check his schedule on the
day of the theft it's impossible that
saves no one in metz is pointed on my
safe bullet equal the analyst thinks
that we put them there to incriminate the
suspect all that c  he is a young
game inspector with rules and
I am the one who fixes them you proposed to my
wife to ask her for it
against a comfortable
guaranteed discount is all very happy fuzhou
speaks it is about babacar diop
on these  August 11 in oslo about their
top classes rec  are I do
not understand because these people talk if I give you
to us every day that you stop
today you want to bring down pellegrini is
a woman called fabienne periot
who can help you
[Music]
I am found facing  an army
of lawyers I had no means of
defending and I got run over
so we have a friend in common he's
pellegrini
the 25 years old tricked him my father he traps
your father and gets the money in
insurance  and his empire
here are the bars everyone
around him we loved him weapons will have to pay
double
no but what is these blackmail but
you were engaged with him I don't
care who buys the weapons and in
what hands they  are going to land
are weapons sold by Pellegrini to
attack embassies of France and if it
happens it is with the money that
the parcel insurance which htc comes then
6th salvatore to burst me a
scandal
he is convinced that what he  said is the
truth was coming out from behind your keyboard
show me I have nothing to hide
if there isn't one who looks like the guy
who kidnapped me and above all it looks like
he was an accomplice to differentiate our
heavy that is slow to help us
was  very precise in its description cd
when I showed the last carried robot
I'm not crazy what do you think there
I think something super weird
we agree past would not only have the
commissioners with us tonight salvatore
salvatore good evening  good evening you
came this evening with a document a case
this chance and we will see it be
compromising
the situation evolves and from my side that does
not please me more than you but that
's how
you prefer them to be done you must
hold on  your word understand there is
nothing compromising in this tape
to shoot the whole building i need it
finally i think it's hassan assane
diop
you know the babacar son without fabienne
[music]
mister pellegrini would like to know
the address of  hassan diab last chance
in dresde insane jobs
and you never give up in
spite of the dangers the forces which
try to dry up only a few
lucky ones from france either it is the
greatest of the thieves in nantua batimed
not either or less cheerful duration the sight a
track that lasted it is  safer do it
you tell me you want to join him
[Music]
the train in an hour but which train
shows i dressed for you i do
n't even know in fact if i'm in love with
him because it's been so
long we  laughing we went through
all together it's no
you have it so quiet but have
definitely got rid of it
I did not know
and to Mr.
[Music]
field center
finally I'm going to be a dad
[Music]
you too are going to be  a very big
face and paul sermine contracts manage to
have in two minutes we have a
little coffee I have a name allows thanks to
a goal
for gravelines
and it is not to play smart with you
how to boost the traveler as
soon as I leave  A coffee  at his place there
[Music]
then low others because she puts that the
pen are fixed to clerk has happened an
important the important tightened or roofs
two months one thing
this year 2 kg all to believe that if
the old stones  of the necklace so we
will look for it on the web we bring it back to
Paris and we ask that he had the
stone he was armed with a
clean weapon and he has an alibi for the evening of the
heist so the stone was screwed to him
in the pocket it's all going their mother
left
[Music]
damn